Adding parameter substitution implementation example to Batch docs (#1472)
localstack/docs: content/en/user-guide/aws/batch/index.md

}
```

> In case that you would like to pass the arguments to the command as [`parameters`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/batch/latest/userguide/job_definition_parameters.html), it can be done by using the `Ref::` declaration to set placeholders for parameter substitution:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to pass arguments to the command as [parameters](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/batch/latest/userguide/job_definition_parameters.html#parameters), you can use the `Ref::` declaration to set placeholders for parameter substitution. This allows the dynamic passing of values at runtime for specific job definitions.
```
